docs(ai): smart labeling - MTA-1571 (#210)
scaleway/docs-content: ai/smart-labeling/concepts.mdx

---
title: Smart Labeling Concepts
description: This page explains all the concepts related to Smart Labeling
tags: smart labeling concepts
---

<Concept opened>

## Admin credentials

> The login credentials of the Admin account for the annotation server. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The login credentials (email, username and password) of the Admin account for the annotation server. 
```

> The Admin user has access to all the data within the Labeling Workspace and all the functionalities of the annotation server. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Admin user has access to all the data within the labeling workspace and all the functionalities of the annotation server. 
```

The Admin can also set permissions for other users of the annotation server.

</Concept>

<Concept opened>

## Annotator

> An Annotator is any user who has created an account on the annotation server, other than the Admin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An Annotator is any user who has an account on the annotation server, other than the Admin. Their permissions are limited to annotating data.
```

</Concept>

<Concept opened>

## Annotation server

> A public server, connected to the object storage buckets associated with the Labeling Workspace, that is running annotation software.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A public server, connected to the Object Storage buckets associated with the labeling workspace, that is running annotation software.
```

> A public server, connected to the object storage buckets associated with the Labeling Workspace, that is running annotation software.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A public server, connected to the object storage buckets associated with the labeling workspace, that is running annotation software. It can be used to annotate image and video files in the buckets.
```

> A public server, connected to the object storage buckets associated with the labeling workspace, that is running annotation software. It can be used to annotate image and video files in the buckets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A public server, connected to the Object Storage buckets associated with the labeling workspace, that is running annotation software. It can be used to annotate image and video files in the buckets.
```

</Concept>

<Concept>

## Labeling workspace

> A labeling workspace is a resource of Smart Labeling that is associated with one or more datasets, and a single annotation server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A labeling workspace is a Smart Labeling resource that is associated with one or more datasets, and a single annotation server.
```

</Concept>

<Concept>

## Object Storage (bucket)

[Object Storage](/storage/object/concepts/#object-storage) allows you to store different types of objects (documents, images, videos, etc.) and to distribute them instantly, anywhere in the world. 

> Objects are sharing a common denominator, called bucket. It can contain as many objects as you want.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Objects are stored in buckets. A bucket can contain as many objects as you want.
```
